Add API documentation (#456)
py-mine/mcstatus: docs/api/basic.rst

Basic Usage
===========

We are small package, so our API is not so big. There are only few classes, which are suggested for a basic usage.

Request Classes
---------------

These are classes, that you use to send a request to server.

.. autoclass:: mcstatus.server.MCServer
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

.. autoclass:: mcstatus.server.JavaServer
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

.. autoclass:: mcstatus.server.BedrockServer
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

Response Objects
----------------

> But those were request classes, how about response ones?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the classes that you get back after making a request.
```

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!

For Java Server
***************

.. class:: PingResponse
    :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse

    The response object for :meth:`JavaServer.status() <mcstatus.server.JavaServer.status>`.

    .. class:: Players
        :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Players

        Class for storing information about players on the server.

        .. class:: Player
            :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Players.Player

>             Just a class for a player information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Class with information about a single player.
```

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!

            .. attribute:: name
                :type: str
                :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Players.Player.name

                Name of the player.

            .. attribute:: id
                :type: str
                :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Players.Player.id

                ID of the player (in `UUID <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier>`_ format).

        .. attribute:: online
            :type: int
            :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Players.online

            Current number of online players.

        .. attribute:: max
            :type: int
            :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Players.max

>             Maximum allowed number of players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Maximum allowed number of players (server slots).
```

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!

>         .. attribute:: sample

Reviewer: We might want to consider letting people know that this is what appears when you hover over the slot count on the multiplayer screen. Perhaps we could even include a screenshot of this, as this feature is often misunderstood.

Author: Added [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e..f8b35759655c63545aab056f5beaae62637d3ba7).

            :type: list[Player] | None
            :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Players.sample

            List of players, who are online. If server didn't provide this, it will be :obj:`None`.

            .. note::
                It's often empty or even contains some advertisement, because the specific server implementations or

>                 plugins can disable providing this information or even change it to custom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                plugins can disable providing this information or even change it to something custom.
```

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!

>                 There is nothing what ``mcstatus`` can to do here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                There is nothing that ``mcstatus`` can to do here if the player sample was modified/disabled like this.
```

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!

    .. class:: Version
        :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Version

        A class for storing version information.

        .. attribute:: name
            :type: str
            :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Version.name

            The version name, like ``1.19.3``. See

>             `MineCraft wiki <https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Java_Edition_version_history#Full_release>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            `Minecraft wiki <https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Java_Edition_version_history#Full_release>`__
```

Minecraft doesn't have a capital `C`. There are multiple times this typo was made, please fix all of them.

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!

            for complete list.

        .. attribute:: protocol
            :type: int
            :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.Version.protocol

            The protocol version, like ``761``. See
            `MineCraft wiki <https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Protocol_version#Java_Edition_2>`__.

    .. attribute:: latency
        :type: float
        :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.latency

        The latency between you and the server in milliseconds.

    .. attribute:: players
        :type: ~PingResponse.Players
        :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.players

        The players information.

    .. attribute:: version
        :type: ~PingResponse.Version
        :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.version

        The version information.

    .. attribute:: description
        :type: str
        :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.description

        The description of the server. Also known as MOTD.

    .. attribute:: favicon
        :type: str
        :canonical: mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.favicon

>         The favicon of the server. It's a `Base64 <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base64>`_ encoded PNG image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The favicon of the server. In `Base64 <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base64>`_ encoded PNG image format.
```

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!

        :canonical: mcstatus.bedrock_status.BedrockStatusResponse.version

        The version information.

    .. attribute:: latency
        :type: float
        :canonical: mcstatus.bedrock_status.BedrockStatusResponse.latency

        The latency between you and the server in milliseconds.

    .. attribute:: players_online
        :type: int
        :canonical: mcstatus.bedrock_status.BedrockStatusResponse.players_online

        The number of online players.

    .. attribute:: players_max
        :type: int
        :canonical: mcstatus.bedrock_status.BedrockStatusResponse.players_max

        The maximum allowed number of players.

    .. attribute:: motd
        :type: str
        :canonical: mcstatus.bedrock_status.BedrockStatusResponse.motd

        The MOTD of the server. Also known as description.

    .. attribute:: map
        :type: str
        :canonical: mcstatus.bedrock_status.BedrockStatusResponse.map

        The name of the map.

    .. attribute:: gamemode
        :type: str
        :canonical: mcstatus.bedrock_status.BedrockStatusResponse.gamemode

        The name of the gamemode on the server.

Conclusion
----------

> That is all! But for general usage, if you want to use more advanced features, you can read :doc:`/api/advanced/index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is all! At least for general usage, if you want to use more advanced features, you can read :doc:`/api/advanced/index`.
```

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!
